Add firmware API docs (#121)
nethesis/tancredi: docs/firmwarePost.md

# POST /firmware

## Upload a firmware file

Upload a firmware file that could be used in scopes

```text
POST /firmware
```

Success response:

    Status: 204

Failed response:

    Status: 400

```json
{

>     "type": 'https://github.com/nethesis/tancredi/wiki/problems#malformed-data',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "type": "https://github.com/nethesis/tancredi/wiki/problems#malformed-data",
```

# POST /firmware

## Upload a firmware file

> Upload a firmware file that could be used in scopes
> Use RFC1867

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload a firmware file that could be used in scopes. The POST payload is `multipart/form-data` (see https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Methods/POST for details).
```

Example request:
```text
curl -kv -F "firmware=@/etc/hosts" 'https://192.168.122.76/tancredi/api/v1/firmware' -H 'Accept: application/json, text/plain, */*' --compressed -H 'User: admin' -H 'Secretkey: 71531d20e69d0e9d83a666e9b4fd5fae11dcdbb1'

> ```

Reviewer: I'd like to see here the HTTP request (not a curl command), with the headers and a sample payload.

Maybe `curl -i` can provide a good starting point
